Adds BlameMDVerifier to sphinx doc (#247)
se-passau/VaRA-Tool-Suite: docs/source/vara/passes/blame_verifier.rst

Run Blame-MD-Verifier
=====================

> `TODO (se-passau/VaRA#587) <https://github.com/se-passau/VaRA/issues/587>`_: write docs

Reviewer: Could you please add doc text here. Describe what the blame-verifier is good for, what it does and in a few sentences how it works and should be used.

Blame-MD-Verifier
=================

> The Blame-Verifier can be used to analyse repositories in order to find inconsistencies between VaRA-commit-hashes and debug-commit-hashes. It accesses the IRegion of an instruction in a module to gain the VaRA-hash and compares it with the Debug-hash, which is gained through accessing the debug information in an instruction. The Blame-Verifier comes with a set of verifier-options, which can be used to filter the printed results of the analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Blame-Verifier is designed to analyse repositories in order to find inconsistencies between VaRA-commit-hashes and debug-commit-hashes.
It accesses the IRegion of an instruction in a module to gain the VaRA-hash and compares it with the Debug-hash, which is gained through accessing the debug information in an instruction.
The Blame-Verifier comes with a set of verifier-options, which can be used to filter the printed results of the analysis.
```

Run Blame-MD-Verifier
---------------------

> 

Reviewer: Add a sentence to explain that llvm debug information has to be present in the IR file.

Blame-MD-Verifier
=================

The Blame-Verifier is designed to analyse repositories in order to find inconsistencies between VaRA-commit-hashes and debug-commit-hashes.
It accesses the IRegion of an instruction in a module to gain the VaRA-hash and compares it with the Debug-hash, which is gained through accessing the debug information in an instruction.
The Blame-Verifier comes with a set of verifier-options, which can be used to filter the printed results of the analysis.

Run Blame-MD-Verifier
---------------------

> The existence of ``llvm-debug-information`` in the used ``IR``-file is a requirement to assure a correct comparison between commit hashes.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using the verifier, please ensure that you build your LLVM-IR file with ``llvm-debug-information`` to assure a correct comparison between commit hashes.
```
